Update set-up-anti-phishing-policies.md (#769)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-o365seccomp: SecurityCompliance/set-up-anti-phishing-policies.md

|**Applied to** <br/> |Defines the recipients whose incoming email messages will be subject to the rules of the policy. You can create conditions and exceptions for the recipients associated with the policy.  <br/> For example, you can create a global policy for your organization by applying the rule to all recipients in your domain.  <br/> You can also create exception rules, such as a rule that does not scan email messages for a specific group of recipients.  <br/> |Each policy must be associated with a set of users, for example, users in a particular group or domain.  <br/> |

> |**Advanced phishing thresholds** <br/> |Defines the level of settings for how phishing messages are handled.  <br/> **Standard** Email suspected to be phish is handled in the standard way.  <br/> **Aggressive** Email suspected to be phish with a high or very high degree of confidence are handled by the system in the same way.  <br/> **More aggressive** Email suspected to be phish with a medium, high, or very high degree of confidence are handled by the system in the same way.  <br/> **Most aggressive** Email suspected to be phish with a low, medium, high, or very high degree of confidence are handled by the system in the same way.  <br/> |When you want to be more aggressive in the treatment of potentially phishing messages within Office 365. For example, messages with a very high probability of being phish will have the most aggressive actions taken on them while messages with a low probability have less aggressive actions taken on them. This setting also impacts other parts of the filtering system that combine signals together. This doesn't necessarily mean different actions are implemented, it is essentially setting how probable the mail is phishing, as to whether or not you take the (same) designated action on it. The chance of moving good messages increases as the level of settings increases.  <br/>|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|**Advanced phishing thresholds** <br/> |Defines the level of settings for how phishing messages are handled.  <br/> **Standard** Email suspected to be phish is handled in the standard way.  <br/> **Aggressive** Email suspected to be phish with a high or very high degree of confidence are handled by the system in the same way.  <br/> **More aggressive** Email suspected to be phish with a medium, high, or very high degree of confidence are handled by the system in the same way.  <br/> **Most aggressive** Email suspected to be phish with a low, medium, high, or very high degree of confidence are handled by the system in the same way.  <br/> |When you want to be more aggressive in the treatment of potentially phishing messages within Office 365. For example, messages with a very high probability of being phish will have the most aggressive actions taken on them while messages with a low probability have less aggressive actions taken on them. This setting also impacts other parts of the filtering system that combine signals together. This doesn't necessarily mean different actions are implemented.  Essentially you set the probability of mail being phish, to determine the (same) designated action for it. The chance of moving good messages increases as the level of settings increases.  <br/>|
```
